How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
As the two sets of codes were side to side, it was easy to trace the differences.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
It helps find where I have made changes. and also it would be easy to go to old version if new version doesnt work out. An changes made in the code can be reverted easily.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
pros: Everytime you feel like its logical change and decide to commit, then only you can commit. Commits are in your hand. You can limit them to meaningful ones.
cons:Everytime you need to remember to commit as not done automatically.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Saving multiple files in one commit helps keep related files save at a time. Especially helpful for web development as we use different files like .html, .css, .js etc which are saved together in a commit.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log : when you enter git log in the Git Bash, you see all the commits which show the changes done to files during commiting.
git diff : with git diff you can compare two commitids through which you can find the changes made in the versions.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
It helps go back to the previous versions and find out the problem if I run into problem in present version. So even I make changes that could break something, still I can go back to unchanged version in no matter. We can be risk takers now. We can explore with different code without breaking the code.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to try to save my versions using commits and explore different options without any breakdown in the project. So that I can go back to any version using commits if necessary.

